(breathing)
(System)
Gore wins.
Oh, wow!
That's ten in a row!
His neural programming
is far from complete,
but he's beating our
virtual Playmaker
one hundred percent
of the time!
It's a success!
You may exit the chamber now.
(electronic whirring)
(Zaizen)
Playmaker!
Are you here?
(deep voice)
(Yusaku)
Don't move.
Huh?
(Yusaku)
And don't turn around.
If you do,
you'll never see me again.
How do I know
you're Playmaker?
(Ai)
Cuz a fake Playmaker
wouldn't have a real Ignis
like moi!
How do I know that
that Ignis is real?
For all I know...
it could simply be a voice
recording of some sort?
(Ai)
Well, uh--
I guess you got me there.
(Yusaku)
It means that it comes
down to a matter
of trust, Zaizen.
Fine.
So what was so urgent
that you wanted
to meet me face-to--
Well, back-to-face
that couldn't have been
taken care of online?
(Ai)
We need to warn
ya about somethi''
and the net ain't secure.
The situation with the Ignis
has evolved and unfortunately,
I cannot say it's
for the better.
(Theodore)
So that's Zaizen, huh?
Nice suit.
(Flame)
Again, I want to state
for the record
that I don't agree
with this plan
to share our information
with a SOL Technologies
executive.
Yeah, well Yusaku
trusts him to help us.
And I trust Yusaku
a hundred percent.
As do I.
But this is the same corporation
that hired bounty hunters
to track me down.
You can understand
my hesitation.
The Ignis declared war
on humanity?
(Ai)
Not all of us...
but more than one.
So, yeah.
That
's not good.
Like you, I hoped humans
and Ignis would come together.
An all-out war between us
is the last thing
I wanted to see happen.
We'll do everything
we can to stop Lightning.
In the meantime,
I suggest you beef up
security in LINK VRAINS.
If the Ignis attack,
the destruction
could be even worse
than what the Knights
of Hanoi did.
No!
(Yusaku)
Let's hope it doesn't
come to that...
but it never hurts to prepare.
And what about you?
How do you plan
to stop Lightning?
And more importantly,
what happens
if you fail, Playmaker?
Playmaker?
(Emma)
Well that's one heck
of an info dump.
(Zaizen)
Yes, the bad news is
that the two Ignis,
Lightning and Windy,
along with a next-gen
AI known as Bohman,
have declared war
on us humans.
Okay, so then what good news
do you have for us?
I never said there was
any good news.
You know you really
do need to work
on your phrasing
of things, Akira.
Be that as it may,
I can't stress enough
the dire nature
of this situation.
You've done a great job
o' that, hun.
But for all your doom-and-gloom,
there is a tiny glimmer
of good news that you missed.
Ai and Flame
are still on our side.
Yes and no.
They're on everyone's sides
since they're still hoping
for a peaceful resolution.
Do you think that's
actually possible?
(Zaizen)
That is the question.
I would say no
if it were anybody else,
but Playmaker and Ai
have surprised me before.
I guess that's better
than nothing.
What about the other two Ignis,
Earth and Aqua?
Whose side do you think
they're on?
They appear to be
neutral for now.
But sooner or later
they'll have to choose.
And that decision will
ultimately determine
who wins this fight.
Then maybe we outta think about
taking a little recruiting trip.
Not to bang my own drum
but most people have a really
difficult time saying no to me.
And I'm going with her, Akira.
I work better on my
on Skye, you know that.
Promise me
you'll be careful, alright?
When am I not?
Of course.
We're just gonna sit around here
and do nothing
until we get a lead?
I don't like this.
But I thought sitting
around doing nothing
was your specialty.
It is when it's my choice,
not when I'm forced to.
Big difference.
Well, in the real world,
a lead doesn't just
suddenly materialize
because you want it to.
It really should though.
It really should.
So have you found
any clues yet, Yusaku?
As a matter of fact, we have.
Ah!
Yeah.
Cuz at least one of us wasn't
sitting around doing nothing.
Lesson not learned,
but what did you find?
When an Ignis travels
through LINK VRAINS
they leave a tiny digital
trail behind.
Usually it's so faint
that we can't track it
but lucky for us,
it seems our good buddy Earth
has been doing
a lot of traveling.
Whoa! He's been everywhere!
Looks like he's got
the sightseeing bug!
Hope it's only a 24 hour thing.
It seems that he's
searching for something...
or someone.
Oh, yeah?
I'll bet ya soup to nuts
I know who it is!
And judging by the dot pattern,
we know where he's going next!
Aqua...
where are you?
Initiate scan.
There.
(gasps)
(Earth)
Aqua!
Oh, did you come to save me?
Of course...
Aqua.
Aqua?
That is...
your name...
in this world.
Do you not like it?
No, I love it.
They...
call me...
Earth.
Let me...
free you.
No, don't!
You'll crash your code!
So what?
(electric whirring)
(grunts)
Are you okay, Earth?
Yes.
Because...
you're free.
We should split up.
We'll cover more ground.
Sounds like a plan.
I'll catch ya later guys!
(Aqua)
Here. Let me heal your hands.
(Earth)
Thank you.
Aqua, why...
were you...
locked up?
The Light Ignis.
What?
(Aqua)
Uh-huh.
No...
There! All done.
He wanted to meet in secret,
saying he had something
important to tell me,
and me only.
Umm, hello?
Ah!
Perfect timing.
I was getting worried
that you wouldn't show up.
What are you doing?
I'm creating a new card.
Or more accurately, a new weapon
that will protect the Cyberse
from destruction.
Hmm.
You don't believe me, do you.
You know that I have a
special ability to tell
when someone's lying...
so I know you're not
telling the truth.
Yes, you're right.
I'm not telling the truth.
But no one needs
to know that.
As you surmised,
I'm not going to use this
card to save the Cyberse.
I'm going to use it
to destroy it.
But you won't be around
to warn anyone.
Now that you're gone,
no one can stop me.
But rest assured Aqua
that this is for
the greater good.
How dare...
he hurt...
Aqua!
But I'm fine now.
Because you saved me.
(gasps)
(Aqua)
Someone's following us.
The Light Ignis?
No.
It's someone else.
Someone...
human.
(grunts)
It's the Ignis!
(Kolter)
Guys, I found Earth!
But so did someone else!
Sending you the
coordinates now!
Well, looks like
they're closer to you
than they are to me.
We're on it, Soulburner.
He's still on our tail.
Yes.
But I won't let him...
capture you.
What?! By pushing meee?
Sorry...
I am...
socially...
awkward.
(Earth)
Stop!
You won't get...
Aqua!
I really don't care which Ignis
I get to capture first.
So if you wanna rumble,
let's do this.
There they are! Step on it!
Heeya!
(Ai)
Hey, Earth!
Ai?
And his pal Playmaker.
(Playmaker)
Who are you?
Can't believe you already
forgotten me,
ya rainbow-colored pork chop.
Wait. Hold on.
Is it really you?
Gore?!
That's...
Gore?
You're too late
to the party, bub.
This Ignis is mine.
And you can't do
anythin' about it.
I won't lose.
We'll see about that, pal.
Can't we ever get
a simple mission
where nothing goes wrong?
How did Gore get here before us?
I mean, look at him,
he looks like
he can hardly get out of bed.
Yeah, he doesn't look
healthy at all.
That's an understatement.
He looks like he has one foot
in the hospital
and the other foot
in the grave.
What could Gore
have done to himself?
Let's see if you got
what it takes
to keep up with me, Ignis.
(Zaizen)
What is Gore doing
in LINK VRAINS?
I never gave him
permission to resume
his bounty hunting duties!
I'm sorry, sir,
but the order came to us
straight from the top.
From the Queen.
Your brother patched us
into Sol Tech's feed.
That must be the Earth Ignis.
And he's dueling Gore!?
It's my turn.
I'll place a monster
in defense mode...
and that'll end my turn.
That's it?
The Gore I know is all about
offense, not defense.
Looks like his body's not
the only thing that's changed.
It's my turn.
I draw.
I activate...
my spell...
COST DOWN.
I discard...
a card...
to lower...
G GOLEM ROCK HAMME
R's Level...
by 2...
and summon it.
(computer chirping)
Then I...
tribute...
my ROCK HAMMER...
to summon...
three G GOLEM TOKENS...
in defense mode.
And I'll...
use two...
to accrete...
my circuit!
I Link...
Summon!
Link 2...
G GOLEM...
STUBBORN...
MENHIR!
(computer chirping)
And I'll use it...
to Link Summon...
again!
I set...
my MENHIR...
and my TOKEN...
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 2...
G GOLEM...
CRYSTAL HEART!
(computer chirping)
Earth already summoned
the key card in his deck,
the monster he received
from Aqua.
Aww, cuz he can't stop
thinking about her.
That's so cute.
Like a lizard with a cowboy hat.
I activate...
CRYSTAL HEART's...
ability...
to summon...
an Earth...
Link Monster...
from my graveyard...
next to...
its link.
Rise...
STUBBORN...
MENHIR!
(computer chirping)
And when CRYSTAL HEART...
uses...
this ability...
it gains one...
G Golem Counter...
and gives 600
attack points...
per counter...
to all Earth Monsters...
it's linked to.
(timer beeping)
Then I activate...
STUBBORN MENHI
R's...
ability...
to revive...
an Earth Monster...
from my graveyard.
Return to the field...
ROCK HAMMER!
(computer chirping)
Earth has built up
a sizable force.
If you think your pebble
collection impresses me,
it doesn't.
Cuz I ain't three years old.
Then how's...
this?
I Link Summon...
again!
The summoning...
conditions...
require...
at least...
two...
Earth monsters.
(shooting)
I Link Summon...
Link 3...
G GOLEM...
INVALID DOLMEN!
(computer chirping)
(Earth)
And CRYSTAL HEART...
gives it...
600...
attack points.
(timer beeping)
Ah.
Earth is rockin' this turn!
He summoned the strongest
monster in his deck!
I place...
one card...
facedown.
Then...
INVALID DOLMEN!
Attack...
his facedown...
monster!
But since my monster's
in defense mode...
I don't take any damage!
(roars)
(computer chirping)
Incorrect!
INVALID DOLMEN...
can deal...
you damage...
even if...
your monster...
is in defense mode.
Then I'll discard
DINOWRESTLER MARTIAL AMPELO
to activate
its special ability.
It not only prevents my
monster from being destroyed,
but it also cuts the damage
I take in half.
So my DINOWRESTLER
CAPAPTERA
survives your attack.
(timer beeping)
I...
end...
my turn.
Well, well, well...
That lil' fella's sure
giving Gore the business.
Where you headin'?
I'm going into LINK
VRAINS of course!
Oh, yeah?
We promised my brother
that we'll make contact
with the rest of the Ignis.
And that's exactly
what we're going to do.
Yeah, but Playmaker
already has this handled.
But he shouldn't have to solve
all our problems.
You stay here and feed me
the real-time data, okay?
Sure.
Anything else?
No, just send me
the coordinates.
(scoffs)
When did she get so bossy?
It's now my turn.
I draw.
Since you have
more monsters than I do...
DINOWRESTLER CAPAPTERA's
special ability activates,
destroying one monster
on your field.
So I
'm bootin' your
G GOLEM INVALID DOLMEN
to the graveyard.
You can't.
When INVALID DOLMEN...
is co-linked
with my CRYSTAL HEART...
your monsters' abilities...
can't affect it.
Well then...
I summon DINOWRESTLER
PANKRATOPS!
(roars)
(computer chirping)
But that monster
's Level 7!
You can't summon it
without tributing!
(Gore)
I can when my opponent has
more monsters in play than me.
Next,
I summon
DINOWRESTLER ESKRIMAMENCHI!
Now that I have
a third monster in play,
I have everything I need
to mash up my circuit!
Now go!
I set CAPAPTERA,
ESKRIMAMENCHI, and PANKRATOPS
in the Link Arrows.
I Link Summon!
Link 3 DINOWRESTLER KING
T WREXTLE!
(roaring)
(computer chirping)
(Gore)
I Link Summon!
Link 3 DINOWRESTLER
KING T WREXTLE!
Gore summoned his
strongest monster.
Since I used DINOWRESTLER
CAPAPTERA
to summon my Link Monster,
its special ability activates
and gives KING T WREXTLE
1000 attack points
until the end of this turn.
(timer beeping)
(roaring)
That's not all.
When KING T attacks,
you can't activate any spell
or trap cards,
so there's nothin' stoppin' me
from destroying your monster!
Go!
Shatter his CRYSTAL HEART!
I don't...
think so!
When INVALID...
DOLMEN is on...
my field...
you're only...
allowed...
to attack...
that monster.
You will never...
hurt Aqua!
Nice!
CRYSTAL HEART's fragile,
but it won't break if you can't
tinktinktink at it!
That's true.
However--
Aww, glitch!
Without INVALID DOLMEN
to protect it...
Gore is now allowed
to attack his CRYSTAL HEART.
But when...
my DOLMEN...
is destroyed...
all your faceup...
cards...
lose their effects...
and special abilities!
(Ai)
That means Earth can now
use his spell and trap cards!
I activate...
Gravity Vision!
Since my Earth...
Link Monster...
was destroyed in battle...
I can summon...
a G GOLEM TOKEN...
in defense mode.
(computer chirping)
(Earth)
And this TOKEN...
gains 800...
defense points...
for every Link...
my monster had.
INVALID DOLMEN...
was Link 3.
(timer beeping)
That's 2400...
defense points.
Plus...
not only is KING T WREXTLE...
only allowed...
to attack...
this TOKEN...
but your monster...
also loses...
2400...
attack...
and defense points.
(timer beeping)
There's no way Gore's
getting past that!
This duel's like groceries:
in the bag!
Earth certainly seems to be
in control of the duel,
but if so,
why doesn't Gore look worried?
Not too shabby, Ignis.
I gotta admit,
your dueling would've
flustered the old Gore.
But I'm a new Gore.
Brain Hack!
(screaming)
What is going on?
Calculation...
complete.
DINOWRESTLER ESKRIMAMENCHI's
special ability now activates.
Since you summoned
a monster during my turn,
I can return this card from
my graveyard
back to my hand.
And then I can summon
another Level 4
or lower DINOWRESTLER
directly from my graveyard.
DINOWRESTLER CAPAPTERA.
(computer chirping)
Next I'm going to activate
the spell card
TYRANT DINO FUSION.
It allows me to fuse my monsters
together to create
a new DINOWRESTLER.
I fuse DINOWRESTLER KING
T WREXTLE
and DINOWRESTLER
CAPAPTERA together.
Projecting attack
strength increase
between 16 and 59 percent...
I Fusion Summon!
Now witness my
DINOWRESTLER CHIMERA T WREXTLE!
(roaring)
(computer chirping)
Since I used TYRANT DINO FUSION
to summon this monster,
CHIMERA T WREXTLE
can't be destroyed one time.
(roaring)
I've hacked my brain
so that I can calculate
moves faster and better
than any human...
or Ignis.
Your defeat is only
a matter of time.